Docs listening: Hide custom status prompts (#6216)
mattermost/docs: source/welcome/set-your-status-availability.rst

.. tip::

>   - Custom statuses are enabled by default in Mattermost. System admins can disable this feature by going to **System Console > Site Configuration > Users and Teams > Enable Custom Statuses**. Disabling this feature also removes the "Update your status" prompts in Mattermost.

Reviewer: @cwarnermm, just a note that I removed "channels" in light of our conversation earlier today.

>   - Custom statuses are enabled by default in Mattermost. System admins can disable this feature by going to **System Console > Site Configuration > Users and Teams > Enable Custom Statuses**. Disabling this feature also removes the "Update yoru status" prompts in Mattermost Channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Custom statuses are enabled by default in Mattermost. System admins can disable this feature by going to **System Console > Site Configuration > Users and Teams > Enable Custom Statuses**. Disabling this feature also removes the "Update your status" prompts in Mattermost.
```
